[docs] Update details for upgrade process (#2221)
openshift/windows-machine-config-operator: README.md

## Windows nodes Kubernetes component upgrade

When a new version of WMCO is released that is compatible with the current cluster version, an operator upgrade will 
take place which will result in the Kubernetes components in the Windows Machine to be upgraded. For a non-disruptive
upgrade, WMCO processes the Windows Machine that was configured by the previous version of the operator with the
following steps:
- drain and cordon the associated Node object

> - re-configure it using the current version

Reviewer: How about changing current version-> new version? for clarity

Author: addressed in  6c2e21f

When a new version of WMCO is released that is compatible with the current cluster version, an operator upgrade will 
take place which will result in the Kubernetes components in the Windows Machine to be upgraded. For a non-disruptive 

> upgrade, WMCO drains the Windows node, process the Windows Machine configured by previous version of WMCO and 
> re-configure it using the current version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
upgrade, WMCO processes the Windows Machine that was configured by the previous version of the operator with the following steps:
- drain and cordon the associated Node object
- re-configure it using the current version
- uncordon the Node
```

Author: addressed in 75e3f27

@saifshaikh48  PTAL
